Rovos Rail is a Luxury train service, we are based here in Pretoria, the capital
city of South Africa we operate services from Pretoria to Cape Town,
Durban and Victoria Falls
as well as special annual journeys to Dar es Salaam, Swakopmund in Namibia of as
well as the African collage which is a nine-day
scenic journey between Pretoria
and Cape Town
we are really all about offering travel experience, it
is not just a way of getting from A to B
but we are offering complete service which includes
comfortable accommodation on board the train,
wonderful food, a selection of the best South African
wines as well as excursions en route on the
various routes that we offer
Part of what we do is nowhere else in South Africa anymore and
we want to keep the heritage of Steam train travel alive
Travelling by train gives you a unique opportunity to see
the sights and sounds of the country,
as the train is travelling
it offers a much more luxurious and a much
slower way time to really get a feel for the
countryside as the train is travelling
We have just added up our fourth train set to the fleet and we are increasing the number of services
that we are offering to our scheduled destinations
as well as on our special annual journeys
and in addition to this we offer for the
first time this year running our Cape to Cairo
Safari which is a combination of luxury train
from Cape Town to Dar es Salaam
and then using a luxury private chartered jet from Dar es Salaam to Cairo with stops
at all of the highlights of the interesting places
in Africa
if you
would like to come and savour the luxury of South Africa
and really get to see the countryside and
the scenery, to meet interesting people and
to travel with them at the same time in luxurious and comfortable surroundings
Rovos Rail would be a very good choice for
you.